Login to Murex application using username MUREXFO and password MUREX, then click to Login. Then click on the FO_AM group and click Start. Once on the main page type 'Revaluation rate curves' and press enter. Once on the revaluation rate curves page, you'll see a list of currencies. Type 'ZAR' into the searchbar and type enter to filter the list. Then double click on the ZAR option when you see it. Then you'll see a table of options and then double click on the cell that says 'ZAR FX'. Then when you are the final page, click on the Details button that says 'Details' to bring up a list of config details. Once you see that page, take this summary below that you had generated previously of this details page and apply any changes necessary to have the real details reflect the summary (only change what is necessary). Remember, '(Inherited)' settings cannot be edited, so those settings' rows need to be set to 'Redefined' by typing that into the row's combo text field dropdown first, if they are not yet, before editing the actual values in the text edits next to them. After the changes are applied press the cross button to close the details popup:

Value to calibrate: (Inherited) (Zero Coupon); Model type: (Inherited) (Flow Calibration); Interpolation formula: (Inherited) (Exp. spline); Value to interpolate: (Inherited) (rate*time); Interpolation before first pillar: (Inherited) (Flat ZC); Interpolation after last pillar: (Inherited) (Flat 1d-fwd); Zero rate convention: (Inherited) (EXP ACT/365); Futures: (Inherited) (Standard interpolation); Prioritize pillars by: (Inherited) (blocks according to Maturity); Zero coupon spread: (Inherited) (Absolute); Ignore fixing: (Inherited) (All); Calibration: (Inherited) (Curve assignments); Business days: (Inherited) (None); Spread curve: (Inherited) (None); Hedge curve: (Inherited) (No); Eta factor: (Redefined) (0.12); Default entry: (Inherited) (market rates); Maturity step out gap: (Inherited) (0); Snapshot generation: (Redefined) (After save); Classification: (Inherited) (Default); Calibration method: (Inherited) (Global Newton); Calibration tolerance: (Inherited) (0.10000000); Calibration iterations: (Inherited) (30); Accept zero rates: (Inherited) (Yes); Seasonality: (Inherited) (Turns); Pillar maturity date: (Inherited) (Last Flow Date); FX DV01 Par convention: (Inherited) (Fx instrument); Swap point ref ccy: (Inherited); Description: Used to discount the OIS (USD)-discounted currency swaps on the ZAR leg and estimate the ZAR/USD Fx forward rate; Label: ZAR FX; Owner: MUREXFO; Currency: ZAR; Bid/Ask: Yes; Storage date: 20 Nov 2024; Horizon: 20 Nov 2024; Zero coupon date: 20 Nov 2024; Compute: On; Last updated: 07 May 2023-11:46:04 (GMT +0)

Remember: You cannot edit dropdowns by clicking you need to type the value you want directly into it. The Inherited/Redefined text edits are not the actual edits for the values, do not make that mistake.